Update the Quick Start Guide based on the new Statement Editor (#579)
wso2/docs-choreo-dev: en/docs/get-started/quick-start-guide.md

### Step 1: Create a REST API

First, let's create a new REST API:

1. Sign in to the Choreo Console at [https://console.choreo.dev](https://console.choreo.dev).

> 2. On the **Home** page, scroll to the **Use a sample and get started** section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. On the **Home** page, scroll to the **Get started with a template** section. 
```

     | **Param Name** | `name` |

     ![Configure Query Parameter](../assets/img/get-started/configure-query-param.png){.cInlineImage-full}

 5. Click **Save**.

 6. In the low-code diagram, click **+** after **Start**.

    ![Create Variable](../assets/img/get-started/create-variable.png){.cInlineImage-full}

     In the **Add Constructs** pane, click **Variable**.

 7. Update the given variable statement syntax (i.e., **`var variable = <add-expression>`**) to generate a personalized message by following these steps:

    1. To generate the message in string format, click **`var`**, and click **string**.

        ![Change variable type](../assets/img/get-started/change-variable-type.png){.cInlineImage-half}
    
    2. Double-click **`variable`** which is the default variable name to edit it. Enter `message` as the new variable name.
    
    3. To generate the personalized message, double-click **`<add-expression>`** and enter the following expression:

        ```
         "Hello "+ name
        ```
       
        Now the variable statement is updated as follows:
    
        ```
        string message = "Hello "+ name;
        ```

 8. Click **Save**.

>  9. To return the personalized message, click **+** below the variable you created, click **Return**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 9. To return the personalized message, click **+** below the variable you created, and click **Return**. 
```

     ![Add Return Type](../assets/img/get-started/add-return-type.png){.cInlineImage-full}
 

>      In the **Return** pane, the syntax for the return statement is dispalyed as **`return <add-expression>`**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     In the **Return** pane, the syntax for the return statement is displayed as **`return <add-expression>`**.
```

     Click **`<add-expression`**, and click **message** in the list of suggestions that appear below the return statement syntax.

      ![Select return expression](../assets/img/get-started/select-return-expression.png){.cInlineImage-half}
   
 10. Click **Save**.

!!!info

>     You can click the **</>** icon on the top left corner of the editor if you want to work in the code view. Depending on your expertise, you can work in the low-code view or the pro-code view. You can also work in both views simultaneously.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can click the **</>** icon on the top left corner of the editor if you want to work in the code view. Depending on your expertise, you can work in the low-code view or the pro-code view. You can also work on both views simultaneously.    
```

 
    ![Edit with VS Code Online](../assets/img/get-started/edit-with-vs-code.png){.cInlineImage-full}

> 3. Click **+** on the low-code diagram to nopen the resource, and configure it as follows: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Click **+** on the low-code diagram to open the resource, and configure it as follows: 
```

>      | **Return Type** | `string|error` |

Reviewer: Need to update some of the field names to align with the new names. For example, 
change **Path** to **Resource Path**
With regard to query parameter field names, change **Name** to **Param Name**

Reviewer: Also might have to change the Return Type value to `string`. specifying as `string|error` results in an error later when adding the return expression.

Author: Updated the parameter name.

It works with `string|error` as the return type as agreed offline.

> 

Reviewer: We might need to update steps 3 and 4 to align with the new UIs. Might have to update the screenshot related to step 4 too.

Author: Done

 5. Click **Save**.

>  6. In the low-code diagram, click **+** after**Start**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 6. In the low-code diagram, click **+** after **Start**.
```

    ![Create Variable](../assets/img/get-started/create-variable.png){.cInlineImage-full}

     In the **Add Constructs** pane, click **Variable**.

>  7. Update the given variable statement syntax (i.e., **`var variable = <add-statement>`**) to generate a personalized message by following these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 7. Update the given variable statement syntax (i.e., **`var variable = <add-expression>`**) to generate a personalized message by following these steps:
```
